I randomize the entirety of Elden ring
and its DLC this means that every single
boss enemy and item are completely
random and can be literally anything in
the game but that's not all I like to
suffer so on the off chance that I could
possibly get some good
RNG there's no way I will not be
allowing myself to level up at all this
means that although all equipment will
be completely random I may or may not
even be able to wield it 28 strength
yeah it's not happening anyways this
also means that my hpfp stamina and
damage will be very limited throughout
the run and if I struggle on a boss I
can't just level up and come back later
as always if you enjoy this video at any
point drop a like and comment down below
your favorite part if you're new here
definitely subscribe so you don't miss
out on the crazy runs I do on Souls
games like that one time I uncapped the
new game plus modifiers and beat the
game and and the DLC on new game plus
1000 I also go live both here on YouTube
and twitch every single week so coming
out with me sometimes and let the chaos
begin how bad do you think it is guys it
can't be that bad
surely let's see all right first dude no
pants that's a good sign all right we
got like uh John Skyrim here just a
regular ass dude I'm be so
real I kind of want to use the severed
head severed head gives us stealth it's
a strength strength weapon I mean it's
not a weapon but it uses strength like
I'm be so real this is probably this is
probably the play I'm sorry guys it
needs to be done enhances attacks
executed After Rolling or backstepping
you know what I think it's a Talisman
we'll just take that
please
God save me huge you know what I'm
feeling I'm feeling lucky baby hell yeah
what is that
the is that what am I looking at what
cre oh it's just like what the yo what
the holy [__] how many dudes was in
there there was like seven dudes inside
that there's another guy there was like
10 dudes inside this
man all right running back we got it it
was a good start hey man oh yep no shoes
I don't know if that's a a good omen or
not
but you know maybe the RNG is
good hell yeah an INT build that's what
I want baby you're a t i can also that
you're not let's see what we got here
okay I like that now I don't need to go
halfway across the map to find this [__]
Smith grip dag you know not not too like
I'm not do like dude they're going to
make me do an in build again leave me
alone
leave me alone
man oh oh [__] you hold on maybe I
should just stay as a British person my
RNG got better
instantly oh let's see y'all think he
going to give me something good this
time or do I have to kill him hope you
can forgive
me you know what I'll take it a rock
that's huge
ooh what is it a flower God damn it all
right Ronnie I swear to God if you give
me a
flower I swear to God I will burn this
land down I was
for you see that's what I like right
there thank you something good that was
the best thing I've ever gotten from
Ronnie in a randomizer straight up I
have never gotten something that good
from
her what the
who the did that oh God my schizophrenic
Demon's
around um
o oh [__] hold on hold on see I like
that I like what I saw there thank you
hello y please don't kill me I'm just
here to Rob your
[__] ow no oh my God thank you torrent
you torrent I literally couldn't get up
cuz I got knocked off a torrent yeah
don't worry it might not be deathless
anymore but it still can be hitless
that's how it works cuz I haven't gotten
hit yet I just
died oh my God more int I'll take it for
the cold
though whatever we got the dragon wound
grease that's that was so worth it baby
I'm so dumb I just real realiz 30
minutes in it took me this long to
realize my stats are not changing ever
unless I get some God tier pool item I
can't even wield this [__] you know what
at least at least we have a bow we have
a bow we have a bleed shield and a
severed head we can wield those you know
what let's go see what marget is it's
okay though here look look look look I
got it I got it hey guys it's me num
nuts watching this I'm about to attack
this
[__] oh hell
yeah
whoops you know 60 damage is not the
worst
[Music]
like what do I crit him with I I guess
my hands it's not even worth
it that was huge that was like 100
damage
dude I should have bought that knife
just to like crit with it if I die I'll
do that cuz that way it's like actually
worth getting Stags
yeah we're going to be here for a while
but it's getting
done oh my God the power of the severed
head see he recognizes its
strength he's
like that severed head you got there
it's you know whoever it was they must
have been very very hard-headed
dumb as rocks I say
dude's like a son of a
god getting his ass rocked with some
dude severed head this [__] is
insane let me not fumble
though you saw that you saw the way I
Tech that [__] hell yeah
e ew what is this weird chalice he gave
me it's filled the liquid I don't want
that
[__] yeah you like that
Mesmer there you go plus one severed
head baby can I use that knife I can use
this knife so that's actually really
good for me here see look now we got a
cold and bleed knife and it literally
lost no bleed buildup at all
oh hey shut up loser give me your balls
he gave me some crack too I'll take it
from the Walter White Blue ooh that's
going to I please be like something I
can use
maybe hell yeah I definitely can use
that n they can't see me I ain't here
see they don't even see me they don't
even know I'm
here I I think it uh I think it ran out
why do you do this to yourself listen
it's not even that bad all right the
only way this ends
tragically is if I run into a boss I
haven't fought in like 15 years which is
like
ma or gar Duo that'd be really bad
that was the one I was forgetting by the
way H there was a third one I was trying
to remember what what would the third
one be that I really wouldn't want to
get it's this guy God
[Music]
bless this is the the the guy I really
did not
want you see and that's why like how did
you even touch
me I guess we're learning how to fight
this guy properly instead of cheating if
I can hit him all right
buddy my I like how my character didn't
even make a sound at all he just
accepted his death run it back here
maybe he can't see me he can't see me
anymore he has no idea no clue I'm even
here D he doesn't even know how would he
know literally tell me how would he know
cuz I can't even see me right
now he literally has no
idea all right here we're going to go
somewhere else not cuz he's too hard or
anything but it's like I just have no
reason to kill this guy let's just be
real there's no reason to kill this guy
he's a
joke holy sh can I use
that nope oh my God that would have been
crazy though if we get the right items
maybe I could use that let's see what do
I need I need like everything
perfect
oh hey you know that's good for like a
death bird I
guess huge you know if we run into Moog
I guess that's the real
[Music]
one you know oh holy
[__] there's two pouches in one guy look
at that the double pouch holy
[__] what why you com into my ears bro
don't do that
oh oh [__] A Remembrance our money
problem has been solved I could just
sell melanous
Soul maybe I should just keep doing
this that seems to be like
pretty yo come on dude I like went to
the side it clearly didn't even touch me
but I still died what the no no thank
God yo what do you mean
bro go back to sleep
damn how many dudes did he summon
bro all
right all right so we literally we just
can't let him summon cuz he summons once
apparently that's like 20
dudes like how is that hitting
me I'm surprised he's not trying to SU I
guess it's just oh don't do that
no I just had to
talk you know at least he killed them
all all right we'll come back when our
head is upgraded
bro
ooh oh but it's the [__] one that gets
us 17 Arcane 11 Faith 12 int 14
mind let's see what do you got buddy oh
God damn it I thought it was decus I
mean that's good too what do you at
buddy yes yes threes all right
perfect here we go more
[Music]
damage um where oh where here maybe EEG
we'll do EEG we'll go to EEG we'll go
Ronnie's
place what do you have fire arrows and
some shrimp you know at least it's
infinite I guess I've had him give me
all four arrows before so you know what
we'll take it I can't even
complain what is that what do you want
godri look at him he's he's just
chilling he has no
idea wrong
[Music]
Arrow oh [__] damn he's really strong
the
[Music]
hell
yeah can I get a bleed God just accept
the head it's not even that bad come on
oh this poor oh he's so lucky he's on a
staircase that was like so risky for no
reason I just believe it's going to stag
goodbye
godri here I I'll send you off with some
head hit the emote nope
[__] we got a great room baby it's the
like shittiest one but I'll take
it huge huge oh [__] wait we got dung
eater and Dolores all right we we got to
get Dolores for God skin Duo cuz she has
sleep arrows and dung eater just cuz
lowkey like he can tank so we'll just
get
him oh [__] that's
huge that is exactly what we need for
the head
build two-handed sword Talis oh my
God oh my God wait that's huge you know
what you're right before we go up here I
am going to kill the
Mariner
yes Victory is on almost
mine
Redemption
Justice it will be
mine yes the timeline has been
restored nature is healing hit the emote
oh my God
it actually was a rock that's crazy it
actually was a
rock oh [__] what dude tell me why all
the useful stuff was actually here I
mean I guess I'll buy
these what do you have oh wait that's
decks that's what five decks holy [__]
oh [__] hold on what is
it
oh oh my my God I out dude Commander gas
saved me you know I don't think
Commander gas is saving me unless he has
60 he has like a Talisman that gives me
60 faith I don't think I can use that
bro so we just need strength or in we
get those we're set all right let's see
what is
it God if it's is it Dragon K Soldier
don't tell me
oh oh hey Bale bale of ragon hey man oh
God hitting you is going to be a pain he
has no sound
either at least my bail goes pretty
hard yeah no sound is tough though
oh my God I don't have my my Frost thing
dude all right we have I mean I guess I
could just kill him with raw n no no
that's just too ass for we're getting
out of here real
quick I need to infuse that
again there we go
huge see without sound that move would
be so bad
hell yeah hit the emote on him get bail
of
ragon all that for a seed hey back up
buddy
whoops don't mind
me God damn it I just wanted to see what
it was oh I should have rested whatever
we got it easy dub
easy head
dub what is that I have no idea what I'm
looking at oh it's a homeless man oh hey
man that's my favorite homeless
guy hold on I'm
washed oh it's cuz I'm medium
roll it's fine we're not swapping
now yeah this is such a weird place to
fight morgot
D bro is getting pieced up by the
head Dam I thought I could duck
it that could have been really bad but
it's
okay we clutch up the head would never
fail me
you see
that another dub for the head second
phase baby who's after the homeless man
oh it's a deer oh
[__] like how did that not hit what do
you
mean what the
instant teleportation was that
oh [__] he's sucking me dude like oh my
God he's got all his HP back except like
two oh my God this is horrible this is
horrible I can't even hit him
thank you finally you know all this for
him to heal all the damage
my f oh my dude you saw my frames when
he hit me this dude Rudolph the rednose
raineer hit me so goddamn hard my game
started
lagging
oh oh get
oh thy fate lith under my
it was going to heal anyways bro like I
had to do
something holy [__] what is the hit box
on this
head like I'm literally he didn't even
hit me I was literally behind that
attack I was under him that's it n Santa
Claus you got to pay that's it Rudolph I
told him I gave him one
warning you Santa Claus and your
reindeer I'll
never go
yourself oh my God the blood sacrifice
was
real what did I say I told you Santa
Claus had to die all that for some rocks
my dear daughter hit the emote
what is that I don't know what that is
bro a
rock what am I looking
at oh hey fire giant I didn't see you
around the corner there hey man magma
giant he evolved he's
evolving holy
[__] this is like so bad I can barely
see him
I think I I rolled but his foot was in
the way so I didn't go far enough God
bless I don't even know what's going on
get off the walls
thank
you now if only he wasn't
climbing hell yeah oh [__] a wet blade
is huge
yet another wet blade huge another seven
damn bro we need a six uh is that a a
shield
dude I'm be so real guys I might be
washed at this I can't remember the last
time I fought that tree
Sentinel I was trying to swap my thing
oh wait hold on let me just poison it
wait I have a
bow I forgot we bow build hold on let me
just run away real quick what am I doing
this is
free little bro think he's smart or
something whoops here here see the
reason I died was so I could reset and
do an even better Strat look
watch you do this this is a
strat there you go
poison damn she putting in that work you
see those
20s now come back here [__] that would
have been free
yeah I yeah we're not melee bro the
range is so [__] that he's a horse boss
it's just not
happening it'll take a while push him
off you know if I had a Parry Shield or
I guess I could push him
uh that's
tragic they it almost worked
yeah
perfect you know sometimes you just need
to Raw Dog it with the head that is a
crazy sentence but that's what I did
here the question is do I level up the
bow or the knife cuz lowkey I've been
using the knife way more than the bow
I'll level up the knife I guess I could
just do both but
don't got the
runes back I'm
at all plus 15 little kitchen knife hell
yeah oh hey Mesmer look hey this this
was the guy who was talking [__]
right is this the guy who was talking
[__]
I got some news for you
[Music]
buddy
whoops I I I thought he was going to
Poise break run it
back dude holy [__] the wall thank
God God this boss room sucks ass am I
right guys holy [__]
I'm surprised that hit
me oh now we get the crit
okay I guess he's not a fan of the head
that was kind of
crazy I almost greeted myself to
death we clutched up though easy
dub yo Jesus Christ just die already
this guy acting all dramatic and [__]
you cannot make this up
bro I am not doing the oiled up run all
right it's not happening what the is
that is that goddamn Shadow tree Avatar
you're going to force me to use this oil
tier bro oh my God see now I actually
have to use it get the flame art kitchen
knife do I have fire arrows my 12 fire
arrows you know I could probably buy
more but uh it's a crutch we don't need
need
it that is Shadow tree Avatar
right all right I'm oiled
up I hate
you if I wanted to play Plants versus
Zombies I would have just hopped on
Plants versus Zombies this guy all right
here we
go here we go
yep the oil tier is already gone that
[__] is ass bro don't ever tell me to
use that [__]
again oh my God oh my God skill is you
all
right that's
one
that oh
[__] I didn't know that flower could
[__] like that it's a real [__]
huh
ow I literally had one HP it's a
Miracle it sucked me it sucked me in
that's not my fault holy
[__] oh my
God ow
I don't know that's not like crazy or
anything since when is like is that not
just a
grab why is that hurting me yeah I'm not
going to lie I think the knife was
better see he's literally like running
outside the arena
what a
coward see imagine imagine needing to be
a bleed build too which is very
embarrassing like I just feel so
embarrassed for this guy
like look how much less damage he's
taking now cuz of the
water
what yeah okay so maybe Frost in second
phase you know what maybe I will just
try death poker if I'm going to like
Nerf myself so hard for this fight I
might as well use the strongest weapon
possible see now he's going to [__] all
over the place we're swapping to death
poker so what we do he's going to spawn
right here
wow you actually can Frost him I've
legit never seen that in my entire
life but I have stamina issue
bro oh my God he actually like wiped he
wiped his ass using me
nothing
don't know I have my knife out
that was just pure luck bro straight
up you see that you see that that's how
you do it I did that I took his two
testicles and his withered
dagger there's no way there's no way bro
oh my god dude my randomizers are always
on some [__] cuz what the is that I got
another one all right fine Miyazaki
fine I'll do it
there I
got I got two separate heads now all
right Jesus thank you holy
[__] thank God I got runes On The Run
where I can't level
up oh my God stop stop giving me runes
on the run I can't level in this is so
evil is that Elden Beast all right well
you already know what we need for this
one that's a job for the severed head
all right me get my my little knife out
to stab
him here we go severed head time all
about to get
flashbanged uh-oh I'm
dead never mind we're good he
fumbled I can't even touch
him holy
[__] dude he's pissing everywhere I
can't
see dude that head is crazy
huge wait this is wait can I just run
downwards and it'll be above
me
awesome come on head
yes the severed head Poise damage is
just so insane for no reason
oh my God the torrent Tech is
crazy oh my God oh my God he's this
guy's aing [__] dude he if he just
did any other move we would have
lived got that the head is crazy
dude see now this
like I didn't know what he was doing
what
what what what
the what how did he trapped me in a
circle I've never seen that before but
God
bless no oh my God the head clutch the
head clutch holy [__] don't ever doubt
the head
so you see and that that was just
unfortunate that he did that move
specifically no that's not what I wanted
what
the he's going to Elden Stars
I should have waited for alen
stars okay thank God if he did sacred
blade we would have
died he's killing
latena that's fine you can have her
soul it it's in the floor man it's in
the floor dude I can't see that
[__] okay
maybe here we did not go underground I'm
going to
assume we should be good to use this
here it can't be that
bad holy [__] is that Moog spirit I
don't need death poker we'll just get a
knife that's fine I think this is a
sewer Moog so we should be fine
oops Got a lock
on yeah we love that Tech I love teching
that
[__] easy dub come on give me inot tear
maybe no
[__] bro gave me a an incantation
that I probably can't use yeah I need 15
fi yo you Moog [__] let's go fight an
actual bus volcano
Manor holy ass thank
you I oh wait I can actually open
that holy
[__] oh my God wait that's actually
huge that's not
wait that is enough
we can now wield wing of
aelle that is
huge blade of Mercy holy [__] wait if we
find Jory it's over for him that's all I
got to say about that one huge that's
like five and everything dude that's
like 40
levels now I think I'm going to go buy
literally every run Arc possible in the
merchants wait hold on wait I can wield
this now hold on wait that's free rut
hold on I need that we need that real
bed look at that infinite rot that's
huge too bad we can't rot the Elden
Beast all
right we have
20 run Arc that's 20 times I can use
wing of aelle as as long as I don't
die all right now we we're hard stuck uh
Rock six again let's look for a six
let's keep going to volcano
Manor I feel like there's there's got to
be a six
there oh there it is a six you see I
told you you'd be in this
area now the question is do I
continue going to volcano Manor or do I
just go fight Olden Beast I'm already
almost there I think I'm just going to
commit five that's actually good so we
can upgrade this sword now
too hook claws wait that's actually like
pretty good please yes I can wield those
that's actually really good we got a
status effect weapon right
there weely receive my name's not
precocious my name is God please help me
I
am oh my God wait dude volcano Manor is
crazy whoa what the that dude dropped a
plus 25 pest glaive by chance I can
actually wield that
too is that horu in this boss
room you got me up dog
d i I literally almost died cuz of a
Candlestick like is this even enough
room it
is see he figured it out good job
grandpa I knew you had
it oh he's so lucky man what a horrible
spot he's got to be rotting right no
he's actually not rotting yet wow
no
[__] damn dude how is he not rotting yet
ah Grandpa was stuck in the doorway oh
no thank you you know what that could
potentially give us something good
there's
no way holy [__] volcano Manor actually
had
it there's
no way dude we don't even need the Rune
Arc now oh my God all right let's pull
out our plus n Wing of aelle we can
finally use
it who is
it putrescent night all right we get
serpent Hunter
though at least it's a decent boss room
for this guy I guess
wow yeah they were just way too close to
each other there I think even if I had
light roll I was dead I should have ran
backwards a little
bit
whoa I was not expecting that
damn I didn't think he had it in him for
another
swing oh my
God I thought he was going to phase
transition so he wasn't going to melee
again but he did it's okay though he
somehow lived he fumbled
thank
you damn I swear to God if it's Valiant
Gars I'm leaving I'm quitting out so
fast is that fia's
Champions hell
yes this is so stupid Oh my God
walk into it oh oh my my flask ran out
hold on wait wait a second wait a
second here we go here we
go oh my God
okay is that rier you
rier I'm sorry I'm sorry rier oh my God
what an
[__] I'm going to like who is this
genome machino bro there's no way this
dude just jumped there's no way this guy
has so much int that he just
jumped thank
God I can't wield it anymore man
[Music]
my God he just had the shield up the
entire
time
there it's going to be so unfort
forunate when I run out of
blue that's it this guy we got to be
careful this well I guess I have a bow
here I could try
this like not even looking at them and
they still
roll here you know
what one of these will hit him
surely like oh my God
do Bow builds exist in PvP cuz like I
don't think it's
possible okay now we just need to be
really far for this ash War to hit okay
keep using endur
buddy I didn't think it would give me
back
FP bro there's
in video game dying bro do you see this
[__] dude fi Champs is literally
breaking my PC see Lionel has the EP I
know damn well he's going to jump attack
with that
[__] of course he s stepped what a
[__] huge
30 huge all right this is it
this is
it that's
scary n no I need him to stop
running he's two-handing it that's scary
all right thank
you wait for it wait for the skulls go
away
hell yeah hell yeah I work so let's see
what what I work so hard
for that [__] was so not worth it legit
so not worth it Elden Beast they should
be pretty free now that's for sure
now that's true power
oh my God he took so long I can't even
wield it
anywhere it's holy damage bro God damn
it
it's okay guys we got
it he only stalled for longer than 3
minutes and now we can't use that at
least most bosses won't be like
that Jesus that's just the first phase
man oh
yes
yes it's a it's just the normal fight
but backwards that's so funny
yeah my ragon just too good like I I
dead ass probably think he's my best
boss hell yeah that's actually good too
we got a smithing Bell that's huge
bro I got
it we got three minutes with this weapon
I'll take melenia over Valiant Gars any
day see now this is where the hook claws
come
in oh but I don't okay all we can do
cold I guess oh already has bleed all
right that's
fine level it
up huge plus 20 claws plus n Wing of
aelle Melania is dead there's no way the
boss room's kind of bad for
her but that ain't never stopped me
watch and learn watch and learn
a
no water
fell my stamina back
[Music]
stamina
please what the like like bro like can I
please have a normal fight bro like what
the is this [__] what is this
[__] oh my God
already I didn't even realiz she was I
thought she was just doing another one
of like her regular ass things bro I
didn't think she was going to do it
already
damn get her aspirol kill
her make her put her clothes back
on what the for
no what what are you
doing oh my stamina man
[__] getting scary
[Music]
thank God get me out of here free me
from this hell Jesus
Christ there's no way there's literally
no way oh my
God Ram dude I got Ram in here last time
as well that's
crazy you
know
what dude every boss I fight just like
is not good for this weapon I guess I
could just use the hook claws they're
probably like pretty good here she's
weak to frost she can
bleed yeah
you oh [__] I'm sorry
I'm sorry Ramina
Jesus damn that was like a crispy ass
hit you heard that
[__] what
Ramina what okay I thought she had
somewhere to go real quick Le she forgot
damn my character's stupid animation
made me like be slower wait the mask
with the blue Hood you have Boost
strength you're right so all we would
need is star Scourge heirloom where
would that be here we're having not
looked I guess I haven't looked really
in kid yeah we didn't go here at all I
guess we we didn't really explore down
here that much either we just kind of
ran through here how do I get up here do
I have to kill redon to get up here I
guess we could do that we could kill
redon let's go see what's in redon's
place if it's easy I'll go kill him and
uh maybe we can find something that give
me more strength so we just need five
strength to be able to use blood fiend
arm and that would be so worth it what
is it
star Scourge marar was actually a pretty
good boss room for this I think plus we
get
horse are you kidding me
just going to kill him like this yep
huge easy
dub hey Moog oh wait is this Lord of
blood this has to be Lord of blood right
no it's just it's just mimic
mode I had it mixed up the one that
spawns in is Lord of blood
right oh no I'm I was right
this is like very dangerous
[__] there it
is sucks that I kind of wasn't ready for
that though
oh never mind that was enough
huge oh [__] I should have came down
here sooner we got the black wet
blade hell yeah all what is it what the
is it
bro what can it be oh oh
wow um where my serpent Hunter
hey R
card this kind of sucks with no
stamina oh I'm
dead
well that was unlucky
damn this thing goes
crazy cuz it's like he just backs up and
then it hits him in the head he's not
very
smart you stop running
though just do
this huge
holy [__] we got
hair hell yeah that's even better than
pants we have hair
now no not the Valiant ancestor Spirit
oh
God I'm medium load I
forgot God bless
oh my God look at this coward look at
this coward running always he running
huh keep that Poise built up
ran out of knives thank
God oh my God I hate this deer so
bad thank
god oh
[__] oh oh
[__] we died but we got starer der Loom
all right let's see can I wield this
now let's see if it's true all right so
we need that hat we
need this
Talisman and then we
need a
Runar oh my God we can wield it
oh my god do I even need this hat I
don't even need the
Hat we got A plus 19 blood fiend arm we
literally got the black wet blade too so
now we can make it bleed on top of that
we don't have rkr but that's fine we
have the next decent thing
determination let's see how this goes
well then you
know I'm not going to lie guys I might I
might not use it for this fight though
it should be a free nebula
maybe okay well that's not
happening H claws it is
Ram you
good damn that was
crispy oh
[__] I forgot DLC bosses and their
instant AOE
bro holy [__] I
lived holy [__] I'm alive it's a
miracle I love when she does that it
doesn't do the
followup awesome
oh I'm stuck oh [__] what the all
right God if phase two is Valiant guards
it's over that's all I got to say
Earth to
Ramina thank you
dude there's no way there's no way bro
there's no way
there there's no okay at least it
doesn't go through the
Phillies there's no way
bro now it's over it's cooked it's
cooked it's liter it's cooked I like I
can't even use this weapon on this fight
cuz it does nothing
a bow would be a good way to solve this
problem it would be like so easy I have
a really good bow I just need to upgrade
it all right plus 19
yeah I can't even be happy about this
cuz it's like this [__] is
next you
know like
dude oh my God this is so F it's a fact
that it's second phase too if it was
first phase it'd be like
way better like significantly better
we'll probably try wing of AAL Strat
we'll lose physic first phase dry wi of
aelle you know we'll see how that goes
but first we're going to see what's at
plac
six what is that I don't even know what
I'm looking at bro who is who the is
that a
noble what is it oh that's a
hippo oh oh [__] I could not
tell I have to I'm have to time this
very carefully if I want to kill this
dude also no sta Marica there is stupid
all right hey let's add this mechanic to
like get rid of horrible run backs but
let's leave one horrible run
back
crazy like crazy
bro it's not even worth it no after that
[__] like no no we're just going to keep
doing this
bro wraith calling
Bell this could
work low
key low key this could
work let's see what what damage type is
this is that
faith if I Parry it then it's magic
holy you know plus four for the the cope
that maybe it does more damage I doubt
it I feel like that wouldn't make much
sense but
whatever all right so I think the Strat
is we just Clause first
phase and try our best on guard gos
we'll see the sword
damage and uh hopefully it's like decent
[Music]
yeah he got hit with the debuff all
right let's see this
damage not bad at all
all well that was I couldn't tell who he
was attacking that's my bad yeah no the
damage not bad at all bro not bad at all
it was hitting like a good
600 yeah I just kind of scared to get in
cuz I can't tell
like what's going on
really oh
[__] oh oh
[__] it's okay dung
eater your pain the pain is
gone now it's just me who has to
suffer you see and that's why I hate the
twin blades right there that's why I
hate the twin blades cuz what the [__]
do I do about set now to play a risky
I'm going to try to go in cuz we
wouldn't we we need to like kill this
guy as fast as
possible well that sucks I didn't I
couldn't tell what the he was doing
you're telling me he already swapped
weapons
bro it's been like less than a minute
and he swapped his weapon out already
oh my God I tried to weapon art but uh I
couldn't really do that have my shield
Out ooh oh so now it's just annoying
dude can y'all like calm down oh I'm
dead I'm be real I didn't think he'd go
that far I thought he was going to end
up like there legit if I had starfish
just for Ram literally oh my God it'd be
so easy to get to Gars it would be so
easy maybe I should go out of my way
just to find it just literally just for
ramen cuz we just need the Poise
break so that we don't die to AOE
it went straight towards me when it
should go to your left awesome you will
find it first try if you believe
honestly like the boss RNG might be dog
[__] the item RNG has been good to me so
maybe there's a tree up here ain't no
way wow are you kidding
me it was there
the entire time maybe now we can
win maybe garfish
baby see now the
Strat o do I make him cold or fire
that's the
question fire here we'll try fire
like damn just just get hit holy
[__] yeah that's starfist all right
that's definitely
starfist
uh-oh now we got
it that's up I was
stuck and that hit box is crazy thank
you
okay we're not popping flask till we're
in Gargoyle
mode oh my God Valiant gargoyle please
please leave me alone
gargoyle hurry dong
eater dung eater thank
you all right dung eater go get your ass
beat go get your ass beat go get your
ass be please dung eater please eat the
[__] eat the [__] boss eat him
dung eater why you coming towards me
he's hiding behind a pillar even dung
eater doesn't want to fight this
guy oh that's not what I
wanted I can't even tell who he's like
trying to attack
he backed
up I had no FP anyways but
I love Valiant guards I can't see
anything see now it's just over cuz dung
eater is dead bro
[Music]
like oh it goes through
pillars oh God bless
[Music]
like I thought he was going to get stuck
on the pillar bro that's why I rolled
this
way that's so annoying
oh my God he's stank ass breath
bro God this
guy oh my God his AI oh never mind he he
was lying to
me like what do you
do what do you and now they both got
sank breath breath crazy they're hitting
the emote on me
see now it's just stupid
though like bro this it's like genuinely
so dumb
it's not I'm not like bro I'm so far
away from it that's crazy
just
you're
that's how I do it that's how I do it I
told told you sub 400 it's happening and
I took that dude's balls it can't get
worse than that am I right it can't get
worse than Valiant gargoyles cuz that's
literally the worst boss in the game
what's it going to
be some regular ass dude who the is this
yo do I pull out blood fiend
arm yeah I'm doing it to him this guy
aairs I commend your spirit but a US
None Shall take the
well that didn't work how I you God damn
that dude wanted me dead holy
[__] wait that actually does
damage that's
crazy you know what's crazy this dude's
Roar does damage to you and then
malakith doesn't the guy who like wields
death
oh my stamina is so ass
bro damn I put my balls on his chin and
he did not care he just kept
going that's why I was waiting for
it bye
holy
[__] we got a cool ass hat dude holy
look at that [__] look how cool he looks
damn wait why he kind of look like a
penis now I'm taking that hat off who is
it can I finally have some good luck oh
thank God it's just a dog finally after
Valiant gargoyles my RNG is coming back
whoops that is not where I wanted to go
run that back
damn the double hits crazy
Goodbye Oh hey
damn I didn't know his accuracy was that
good I'm be so real I thought I could
outrun it
wow damn I barely survived that move
just for
nothing huge blade of Mercy
GG's
yep all right let's see what is it it
can't be please don't be mother fingers
I swear to god dude oh it's just this
[__]
damn he's tanky though what
the oh it's cuz I'm using cold huh yeah
I need to I need to change my [__] kind
of need to get out of
here huge get bleed good old
bleed damn you know that was kind of
ass well that's just unfort he literally
dodged my attack you know what this
might be a wing of a cell
moment huge while they do
that oh my
God oh my God that was a
strat straight up
is he like broken
dude like no follow up nothing just
straight spamming the same
[__] whatever he's
poisoned B build's really climbing the
ranks with this
one it l it literally went through
him cannot make this [__]
up
dope oh hey right card this is awkward
please please just just die rard
oh [__] do it kill
him no no not like
this oh my god oh my god dude I have 13
HP bro that was so scary bro cuz I was
going to have to fight that [__] boss
before him again I did not want to do
that I was scared for my life yep that's
him look how happy he is after that
beautiful experience that once in A-
lifetime experience he had God bless
Valiant gargoyles May their name be
forgotten forever it's a if it's Dragon
King Soldier I'm out of here I just want
to warn you all I swear to
[Music]
God finally some peace it's just just a
bunch of kids shut up
kid is mine
damn I hate you
all yeah you know what let me just
switch the wing of AAL I just had to had
to like show him who boss real quick you
know is mine and mine
alone
huh that's
crazy I can see
it hell
yeah morgot Rune and a crack pipe Dy
what are they trying to tell me what
kind of things are more got into huh oh
hey Hey
Ron yeah I'm glad to see you you know
why I love killing that
guy Commander redon holy [__]
oh the stamina though holy [__] I was
not paying attention
no I rolled
too I doing so good
I don't know where to go I guess I'm
going this way oh that's exactly where
he's coming
from that was unlucky I thought he was
going to come from like over there or
over there do dude came from the goddamn
Shadow
tree
GG's anyway that's five frags ho holy
[__] that's like one blessing who's it
going to
be
crazy if we could just separate them
we'll be
fine see and that's why k suck dick
that's so annoying dude he back stepped
[Music]
yeah okay
huge
not a particularly
uh happy about
this I feel like there's a very horrible
boss room for this
fight oh
like Embrace obl shut up this is
horrible Dam hornet really ain't doing
[__] it's okay though I believe in you
you got it horn Cent this is all you
Doug yeah that was close horn
said what the oh I forgot about this I
was like so confused
you got it Hornet this is all you dog
yeah look at you go look at him go you
did it
Hornet that was all you
buddy hell yeah we ew America I stole
that alien's penis ew
malakith saint of the bud oh my why is
his for a second his weapon look blue
they say why are you why are you
blue
oh yeah I should not be playing risky
like that I should know better by
now my fault malakith I didn't know he
was like that
Jesus why is he just doing the same move
over and over going on
here crazy dude what is this [__]
this dude's like lobotomized he's just
doing that move over over what's
happening are you good
bro you got
it okay see how was kind of close
already so I was like whatever I'll just
roll into it that was a
mistake thank you the whiffs were insane
bro
holy hey but you know what it was worth
it we got the crystal Bud all right I'm
be so real with you guys I am not
looking for this [__] I'm just going to
give it to
myself oh this guy's a demon look at him
holy [__] he's locked in is just as the
said it would be lord of the earth tree
Lord of America you too deserve to face
the
Reckoning Lord is yo come on that didn't
even hit me bro I think it literally hit
me because I melee so it pushed my like
character's hit box in the way that
damage is not great though I think we
might as well just go back to balls is
just as the woman said it would be lord
of the earth I think that's so stupid
that you could do that you could just
jump I frame it like bro what is
that come here
nitan get these freaks away from me
naton get in there my goat
what dude that [__] barely hit my ass
what do you mean oh I guess we should
check rard Soul blood fiend ashes that I
feel like that could actually be good
this is also it's plus 25 damn would I
be able to wield that I think I could
wield that oh my God wait there's so
much [__] in here what the vik war
spear surely we can wield
it what does it have it has wild strikes
wow it actually did come with it that's
crazy I didn't think it would now the
question is
can I dup it so I can
Infuse oh my
God where the did I get black flame
tornado where is Black flame tornado
coming from whatever I don't give a I'm
taking
it put on my plus 25 spear that I forgot
I had
holy [__] yeah we'll try this now see
how this works all right let's see how
this works be lord of the Earth
Lord of America you too deserve to face
the you see the hyper armor on this fing
NPC bro is just as the woman said it
will be lord of the earth Tre Lord of
America you deserve
tooning we take it I'm waiting for Aon
oh hell no get the away from
me see now we
now we
wait okay but it doesn't matter once
again it doesn't matter because they
have the wind
button see the problem is it's like how
do I get in here without be getting my
ass
beat he's already
dead your lord is
slain crazy all right let's try black
flame tornado
please
huge maybe it is the play
thank God it's a naked
guy I am sorry for speaking to you as a
compatriot you stood before the withered
arm
no dude she almost killed my ass come on
Nan please please please Nan please yes
thank you Jesus that will Stitch you
into death yeah you know what he got it
he's naked if you don't kill him you're
a disappointment dog straight up he got
no armor kill his ass kill his ass bleed
him thank you free me get me out of here
Jesus Christ make the world a gentler
place it's definitely more gentle now
that they're gone one last boss
room then I'm
free okay
all right he's seeing demons so it's
fine oh yeah
damn lowkey I feel like I should iron
balls and then just stagger him over and
over instead like bft is
good but it ain't no balls you
know let's see let's try that instead I
feel like it it would just be like way
easier
[Music]
can he just go back to Roaring and [__]
Bro oh my
God the dragon can fly holy
[__] what all right bro good job d
I thought he was doing the nuke he just
kind of stood there for a sec
whoops we got the fire oh [__]
yeah you know this [__] would happen to
me what the is this man
man that sucks I tried to get
it oh my God wait this sucks I I don't
remember this dude [__] at all bro
I remember that hit box though yep God
bless
yeah I remember that move being a pain
in the
ass here you know what maybe we don't
have enough Shadow blessings man I
should have I should have ended the run
when I had the chance
onun here you know what that one
blessing is going to change everything
watch watch and
learn dude it got because of the terrain
that's literally not even my fault that
is literally not even my fault bro it
got stuck in one spot so I died
oh God here we go again
dude so this time this time I play for
it getting stuck in the floor so I jump
the other
way and this time I get because it
actually worked this time
what like what oh my god oh my god
dude thank
you I like had no stamina I was about to
die
surely the terrain doesn't me up again
watch this watch this concer ronte holy
[__] holy [__] oh my
God now if only my stamina existed in
the same realm as
I holy
[__] you think he's going to Poise break
or am I going to die
Maybe This Time some random freak event
freak accident will happen and I'll
live maybe this is the
one oh my stamina is so dog [__] bro
it's so
bad please r on just do the move free me
oh my
God I'm free oh my God oh my God look
the AR yes
yes yes I took his meat all five of it
get holy [__] and what did we do all
that
for a
chair but not just any chair
a chair so dog [__] that not even micho
wants to sit in it micho would rather
sit on the floor than in that nasty ass
chair that really says a lot fine I'll
see what soldier a godric is I swear to
God if it's some [__] that's going
to get me stuck for another 50 hours I'm
out of
here [__] look at this guy
yeah yeah little Val Vali and gargoyle
junr
huh yeah heal up heal up you need that
[__] oh he got confused oh no oh what
happened this guy's a joke he's no
Soldier a
godric excuse
me clearly Dodge that must have been
some sort of bug in the
code holy [__] I didn't know I could
jump that high that's my
bad you see that I'm the king that guy
take his crown there you go we've
completed it I've became a giant penis
all right I'm out of here this [__]
[Music]
a